Marco Kuan Today at 12:05 AM
@channel Tuesday's tasks
Jessie: How is the video going? Is everything going well?
Rohan/Marco: Have you replaced the start button with reset?
Ahmad/Shelly/Alexis: Have you fixed the text overflow on the buttons for Spanish and Korean?
Elizabeth: How are the tests? How about the ADRs?
Kevin: How's the frontend with the buttons alignment? If you need help, contact any of us. :slightly_smiling_face:

Kevin Jang: @Alexis Chen already did the button alignment an hour ago

Marco Kuan: Did not see the update if there was one mb

Kevin Jang: There was no

Marco Kuan: Aaah cool cool

Kevin Jang: Also, maybe we should have 1-2 people like Jessie help with the tests

Marco Kuan: I'm not sure who we should assign that task to xD

Alexis Chen: we have fixed the textoverflow

Alexis Chen: fixed the alignment problem in firefox mobile. Now we shouldn’t see alignment problems in chrome, firefox, and safari

Elizabeth Cho: Just to keep y'all updated, my goal today is to COMPLETELY finish ADRs just to clear it from my plate, and then to resolve all failing tests so there should be no more issues with the workflow going forward. I'll update again at the end of the night.

Marco Kuan: Going to update standups, but I believe the start button was fixed?
The image I attached is what I believe Alexis fixed?

Rohan Patel: I hid the potatoes from the other themes, I don't plan on submitting a PR until I create the congrats screen

Elizabeth Cho: ADRs and Jest branch are committed/PRed

Miaoqiu Sun: nothing

Jessie Zou: Things are going well Marco. Hope your days going well
