Marco Kuan: @channel Saturday's tasks
Jessie: How is the video going? Is everything going well? If you need help, contact us? :wink:
Rohan/Marco: [Help Kevin/Jessie/Elizabeth]
Ahmad/Shelly: [Work with Kevin/Jessie/Elizabeth]; Confirmation prompt color is not fixed
Alexis: Did you get local storage for time implemented?
Elizabeth: How are the tests? How about the ADRs?
Kevin: Is the phases in the innerHTML aligned? or is it the 1 of 4 text?
We're almost there guys! Let's make that final push! (edited)

Marco Kuan: Working with Kevin on the project. Updating standups.

Rohan Patel: Didn't help today, but I plan on doing more sunday

Kevin Jang: I am at the point where I don't want to code anymore because everything is done at this point

Rohan Patel: @Kevin Jang what is left so I can put in on my ToDo for tomorrow

Marco Kuan: I think we are close to done, maybe frontend/language?

Kevin Jang: May want to aggressively check the page for bugs, but other than that, it should be all over

Rohan Patel: Alright I'll try to break the page tomorrow

Kevin Jang: The local storage of settings is kinda partial because of the conditions, but it ends up setting untouched fields to 0 on refresh. It isn't "bad" since the user would look at settings often

Miaoqiu Sun: i thought i fixed confirmation prompt color like two days ago but anyway it's now fixed

Kevin Jang: Local storage works overall from both your (Rohan) code and my code

Marco Kuan: Worked with Kevin and fixed the congratulations code

Alexis Chen: finish the language and have tasks show up during break

Jessie Zou: Video and doc

Elizabeth Cho: Still working on tests
