Marco Kuan: @channel Thursday's tasks
Jessie: How is the video going? Is everything going well?
Rohan/Marco: Did we make <div id="notificationBar"> contain class="hidden" and then when mark, unmark, pin, unpin, del, del all are called, the div shows up with show() for 3-5 seconds before disappearing with hide()?
Ahmad: Have you fixed the pin and delete icon to become smaller?
Shelly: Did you make the moon color for different languages?
Alexis: Does the audio work from work to break ?
Elizabeth: How are the tests? How about the ADRs?
Kevin: Have you worked on the accessibility?
Keep up the good work team :slightly_smiling_face:

Kevin Jang:
Accessibility needs translations, but other than that it is PERFECT :thumbsup_all:

Rohan Patel: Did everything in the PR in #update and helped kevin a little bit too (edited)

Kevin Jang: Oh yeah I decided to change the show/hide of the notification to an empty textbox so the notification is closer to the center of the screen

Marco Kuan: I have been working on CSE 101 all day yesterday, so I just woke up :kekw: I will ready to help out with anything on Saturday.

Jessie Zou: Video will take some time. I'll probably finish it by the weekend. :slightly_smiling_face:

Miaoqiu Sun: Reworked on Spanish settings menu and fixed some css. Gonna work on diff moon colors after 141 exam.

Alexis Chen: Still need to find some audio. But made the task container and setting and help icon invisible when users start task to help them focus

Rohan Patel: I added new sounds in my PR, we shoudln't need new audio if you like them

Elizabeth: Some of the changes we've made retroactively failed our tests (,: mainly was fixing those
